update content creator guide (#100)
Joystream/helpdesk: roles/storage-providers/README.md

```

## Update Your Storage Node

> To update your storage-node from an old network, it's probably time to update `ipfs` and `caddy`, although both _should_ work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update your storage-node from an old network, it's probably time to update `ipfs` and `caddy`, although older versions _should_ continue to work.
```

... :    // we get the full path here so it needs to match the path where
... :    // it is used by the openapi initializer
... :    return path.match('^/asset/v0') && (req.method === 'GET' || req.method === 'HEAD')
... :  }  -> http://localhost:8080/
... :  Starting API server...
... :  API server started. { address: '::', family: 'IPv6', port: 3000 }
... :  <timestamp>joystream:storage:storage IPFS node is up with identity:  <ipfsPeerId>
... :  <timestamp>joystream:colossus announcing public url
... :  <timestamp>joystream:sync Sync run completed, set <n> new relationships to ready
... :  <timestamp>joystream:runtime:base:tx Submitted: {"nonce":"<nonce>","txhash":"<hash>","tx":"<hash>"}
... :  <timestamp>joystream:runtime:base:tx Finalized {"nonce":"<nonce>","txhash":"<hash>"}
```

If everything is working smoothly, you will now start syncing the `content directory`.

Note that unless you run this is a [service](#run-storage-node-as-a-service), you now have to open a second terminal for the remaining steps.

#### Check that you are syncing
After you've had it running for a bit (>1 min):
```
$ cd ~/joystream/
$ yarn run helios
```

> If everything is working, you should rather quicly, with correct `workerId` and URL.

Reviewer: ?

Author: yeah, I'll fix that :)
